yeah guys this is going to be one of my
first ever countries on counter strike
global offensive I'm hopefully you enjoy
it's just a basic kind of overview and
with you know I'm going to do a good
good series I'm going up and recall the
guns hope you enjoy it firstly this
could be a shotgun episodes hope you and
we will see some kind of result from
this no shotgun first one that was
introduced since the beta pretty cheap
to buy very similar to the ones in the
first shotgun tier that used to get in
CS 1.6 and source so let's have a go the
bots are our knives by the way so just
kind of get an idea how the recoil works
great there's only one bullet one bottle
can get one shot in the recall against
any door you cannot do there's no bullet
penetration on this gun shame really you
know be good to have it because their
content it has a good spreads but when
you're in close you can see very close
compacts right on it again you know it's
really unrealistic music and I got on
any kind of rain should see hopefully
we'll get some attention of a bot once
we plan
just going to cut this suck silicon dad
always coming down to come down the next
shot done to go over is the auto shotgun
again we could get it from sauce and 16
not really keen on this one you know why
biggest upwards recoil really spreads
all over the place you know quite
difficult to manage there you go
eventually gets compared to their kind
of rope pump action no shotgun some
really no comparison and again it's more
expensive thousand dollars more really
most difference
for kind of purposes you wouldn't really
have it in kind of anything you know no
shotgun it's a lot more powerful more
viable to you guess I'm ready clearly
see the show there quickly the reason
really just spreads out and you can't do
anything about it until next shotgun
okay and finally the new one of new
shotguns to see us go it's a sawed-off
shotgun this does have actually bullet
penetration only one x so really won't
do any significant you know damage
against any kind of words or you know
wall filler penetration csgo was
actually mine is quite a lot I'm recent
update kind of unfortunate really
especially you know if you're a fan on
1.6 and so much this lastly i think is
probably the most powerful shotgun in
csgo really does deliver a good kick and
you can really just jump but that's you
know for the teesside so we'll go on to
the just jump on CT so this is CT side
and the new shotgun with a cisco again
is matt it's costing a two thousand so
compared the unique one on character
it's pondered
realistically I think it is powerful
it's good in the aspect that we're all
the rest of shotguns you do have to
wrote reload with one bullet one single
reloads as you can see recoil very good
for it spreads as with the pump action
gives you time to settle your rig ball
again but the actual power again weaker
I think personally just try and find
someone there you go straight ads so
that did have an armor I brought did
have an arm oh so it's straight into the
head ghost because I'm in one shop this
applies to all the shotguns by the way
I'm obviously in some distance and
distance you won't get them were to you
have to get so that's my shop on here if
you enjoy